pretty simple your first line is my name
is Claude so just repeat after me
use your my backload get the coop plow
let's try it again okay you're my pal
Kludd shut the plea blue that's not
quite what I'm saying really sounds
exactly the same to me
jazz really yeah I was just trying again
really listen got it
yeah m'appelle Claude the flute
please
Oh Mon yeah oh this is M appelle Claude
blue okay maybe if we just break it down
okay let's just let's try it one
syllable at a time
okay so repeat after me did you yeah ma
ma pen he'll great okay faster yeah sure
ma ma pen pal je m'appelle
me poopoo
it's too hard I can't teach you what are
you doing I have to go before I put your
head through a wall go I need you what
the is tomorrow
jameelah Philippi Oh from one to five on
do twat cut psych yeah blue buff flu
Frank good job thank you Joey listen I
feel really badly about yesterday and I
thought about it a lot note I was too
impatient so let's try it again oh no
that's okay I don't need your help I
worked on it myself and I gotta say I am
pretty good really can I hear some of it
sure sure okay
little ablated bluh blah Blee see you're
not again
you're not oh well I think I have yeah
and I think I'm definitely gonna get the
part
how could you possibly think that for
one thing the guy on the tape shut up
doing a good job yeah boo boo clothes
blah bluh I'm sorry what's going on
dude come on French it up a joke do you
speak French to tell us more bluh bluh
bluh
that's not French please play pool pop
or purple neither is that
boom